The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
I'm a living furnace.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
We have a lot of rain in June.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
I currently have 4 windows open up... and I don't know why.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly".
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Let me help you with your baggage.
I want to buy a onesie... but know it won't suit me.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.